Machine Learning Predictions for Database Migrations - Google Patents1: This patent describes a method and system for generating machine learning predictions for database migrations. For example, a trained machine learning model that has been trained using training data can be stored, where the training data includes migration information for database migrations and migration methods for the database migrations, and the training data migration information includes a source database type and a target database infrastructure. Migration information can be received for a candidate database migration that includes a source database type and a target database infrastructure. Using the trained machine learning model, migration methods based on the migration information for the candidate database migration can be predicted.
Automated database migration architecture - Google Patents2: This patent describes a method and system for migrating data from one or more source databases to one or more target databases. The method may include generating a pre-migration analysis for a plurality of objects stored in the one or more source databases, and generating a plurality of migration scripts that transfer the plurality of objects from the one or more source databases to the one or more target databases. The method may also include generating a migration plan that defines an execution order for the plurality of migration scripts, and migrating the plurality of objects from the one or more source databases to one or more target databases according to the migration plan. The method may further include validating the plurality of objects on the one or more target databases.
Machine learning for database migration source - Google Patents3: This patent describes a method and system for maintaining performance level of a database being migrated between different cloud-based platforms. The method may include receiving a request to migrate a database from a source cloud-based platform to a target cloud-based platform, and determining a migration strategy for the database based on a machine learning model. The method may also include executing the migration strategy to migrate the database from the source cloud-based platform to the target cloud-based platform, and monitoring the performance level of the database on the target cloud-based platform. The method may further include adjusting the migration strategy based on the performance level of the database on the target cloud-based platform.
